and even more things you give them to do
then what choices they have
every society ends up with the childhood
that reflects the strengths and
weaknesses and neuroses of that society
he flat major left hand arpeggios
Pinkham across Australia parenting has
become an obsession now as parents we
feel we've just got to be on their back
all the time pushing them so that
they're the absolute best in every
single thing going kids are under
pressure to succeed like never before
why don't we self well if it's like I
fall behind everything it doesn't feel
right doing anything it's like wasting
time like a lot of families you want to
give opportunity to your kids you sign
up to everything and then find yourself
ragged at the end of the day it's termed
family life into a race to the finish
line
yeah I can't find there's bulk or
drumsticks this is your typical morning
yeah it gets frantic
gets crazy this man wants to transform
the lives of three hyper busy Australian
families
brace yourself this is gonna be tough
he'll cancel the crazy schedules take
away their toys and replace them with
his own slow fix the key thing is to
bring the spirit of slow into the family
Carl Honore is a slowcoach and he's
coming to James the way we parent he's
got the two hours and 50 minutes of
structured athletics training that can
go yeah definitely not look at the
schedule here Frankie an 8 year old boy
is doing a 13 hour day